The re Aesthetics is the return
to the original hellish
aesthetic.
A new aesthetics of temperature
or ignition of septic
aesthetics.
Aesthetics, derives from the
Greek, which originally means
sensory reception, that is, the
sensation of the sensitive,
that which can be perceived by
the senses.
It is that perception of the
lowest.
According to the main Greek
philosophical theories,
especially the Platonic one,
The meaning of aesthetics has
evolved over centuries to rise
to the most intellectual and
end up being practically
equivalent to the theory of art.
And today it is an art that is
sometimes merely conceptual,
not even sensory appreciable.
Re estética is an artistic
project that proposes the
return to the old and original
meaning, with special emphasis
on the perception of thermal
influence both in excess and by
default to reflect on the
impact that global warming
implies for humanity, and the
most immediate threat of
Winter colder in decades due to
lack of energy in homes.
The return to an infernal
aesthetic is inseparable from
the unsociable.
Human sociability that siakam,
like that of so many mammals
such as porcupines, which
according to the famous fable
are faced with the dilemma of
warming each other when it is
winter.
Even if they prick each other
because of proximity or die and
that has as a moral that you
have to learn to live with
small wounds.
That the relationship with a
very close person can cause,
since it stops.
Well, survive.
The most important thing is
each other's warmth.
How to live together?
That is the question.